Today is 30/08/2002.
Note: This is a imprompted teller to the communication tower for further stipulation.

Today is the discussion to finished the budget in a timely matter. The vote has concluded the outline in all documents.
All stipulated work has be congressed through out 14 countries, Today we are nearing the end, we ask everyone to send
there vote down to the electric's. I am Watene Hetaraka Founder of Dana Petroleum plc, Dana Petroleum Ltd NZ and major-
ity holder of B shares. My current cirrcumstances have led me to dis-continue my trading in ISA+c9 ISADAGAF also keep-
ing in mind the current stipulation is recording and had been inside the depot congress of clear and communication we
also opened a working group Danagroup. Danagroup is a compenstion and re-vitalistion group to award payouts and disputes.

I feel like when the outside investments comes as stipulated we risk all to get nothing back, Which is not the case. We
as a family have brought hundreds if not thousands of investors crying for more. We learned the back bone of economy then
painstainking study, study and study hard. We played toy soldiers investigting the war in the back street of democory.
Borrowed like senates to utilised our dreams and wishing. One hundred and forty battlions strong with the addtional men that
could crush mountains. 
\
We home now, I spoke there infont of many would say it was our last time, Rolling thunder. We lifted countries out of 
the idea that now one was there. We are and always was. This time the next lift is ourseleves and our rising living cost
We have entrusted now, We are straps, crowned and gloryfied. 
I am a medal of honor recpient and youes with the wieght payed in gold. All knighted through our own coat of arms.

The 5th generation of coat and arms, So why dischourage the 6th coat of arms we should be directing the attitudes towards
the rolling thunders of the world and the Zero titans of the world that is why today I say my last budget announcement.

